This episode a sampler is brought to you by Still no sign of allows you to stream your favorite music
or
podcast to any room or every room in your home.
So no says the smart wireless speaker system that's easy to set up and so easy to use that anyone
can be in charge of playlist. So I can be listening to Fela Kuti in the living room while
my roommate she can listen to trap music in the kitchen which if you don't know what that
is please google it learn more about sun it's
cutter Sonus dot com slash sampler
that's where.
I'm
pretty
loose and welcome to same for the show where reply you hand picked moments from pod cast that you just
have to hear that you know that we are going to talk about adult themes today and we will
have adult language. So this may be the time to put your ear buds in or send your kids
out for today our show we are talking. Emma sale and host the
W. N.Y.C.
podcast death sex and money. Hi and welcome to the show. Hi Brittany says I to
be here I'm so glad that you were able to come.
So
ever since we have started sampler I wanted to have you on the show.
I mean I'm a super fan of your shop and
specifically because I think that you are like one of my favorite interviewers of all time.
Thank you and like to say that the show is about the big questions and hard
choices that are often left out of polite conversation. So you can see why we
had the not suitable for
children but you managed to talk about.
Things as heavy as death and sex and money
without ever having it be like. Audrey or sensationalistic I mean
just like the money is like like
that's ninety percent of the covers. Yeah actually I mean which
I love. Which I absolutely love. But your show never ever feels
in there feels like you're Goc ing it feels like you're gently probing with Sometimes the questions that you
ask her like you're not
shy a lot of contradictions
very So today in honor of your show and
I we are going to play you that clip sex clip and a
money clip but not the welfare Lee and that order. It's going to be even more surprising than I might think it's a
money clip and it's really about death. Yes but our first script that we're going to
play is actually
from your show just to give listeners an idea of the kinds of
conversations that you
have it's from your interview with sex columnist Dan Savage
now he'll have this interview. Dan is the host of a pod cast called
the Savage Love cast in this clip and on the show you guys talked
about monogamy. He was saying that monogamy is
not necessarily a requirement for a relationship or
even beneficial to a relationship and then after he asserts this point you do something
really interesting something I never heard you do before
you asked him if there was anything he wanted to
know about
you Are you in a committed relationship. I am. Are you not monogamous.
Now we are monogamous Yes So what would you do if you found out that he cheated again what do you think he
would do if you found out that you cheated and cheating is something that will probably happen just put that out
there
first the research of the data shows that roughly fifty percent of men fifty percent of women in long
term relationships at some point will cheat and those fifty percent of men are not married
to those fifty percent of women so it will touch almost all committed monogamous relationship
so what's going to be your reaction if and when that happens to
you I know I mean I read. I read you Dan Savage and you make me uncomfortable because
I intellectually I understand all this I get desire I get that it's not
rational and I get that it's it's a real
thing but it. I don't know what I would do with the hurt.
I have a really difficult time seeing a way outside
of it being OK. Being away for it to be OK.
My advice would be if and when it happens. You know what people always say when
you know when they talk about the people they love most in their lives.
I would you know I would take a bullet for this person I would you know walk through fire for this
person that's hurt. You're saying I would hurt for this person in a really
profound and life threatening way I would take a bullet I would walk through fire.
Infidelity. When people believe in monogamy monogamy is what they want infidelity is
that
bullet and so if you look at your husband and think I could take a bullet for
that we're not married yet I am already Irving. If you want your partner and think this is someone you know I
love you so much I could take a bullet for
you just if and when it happens remember that feeling because that's the moment where you
take the bullet and some people accusing some pro you know not
monogamy that I'm you know giving get out of jail free cards to serial
adulterers and I'm not people should honor the commitments that they make if you make a
monogamous commitment you should attempt to keep it attempt to honor it do your
best and then if you. You know if it happens to you if you get cheated on.
You know what is love and what is forgiveness if you can't forgive the person you claim to love most in the
world for betrayal that really cuts you to the core. I think these things should be because
infidelity is so
common these things should be thought about well in advance of them happening so I think if you just set your mind
to that as something as painful as that we can get through love each other through forgive
each other for your likelier to actually get through it love each other through and forgive each other for it when
it happens. If that happens.
Dan Savage thank you so much for your time. My pleasure.
But that's all I'm going to say I'm not the same more about about whether it's a good
example of my boyfriend or if you're going to leave it
there were a few cheat on him or if I cheat on him through women
she
to
an extent comfortable all over again it makes rencounter Oh yeah. How did you
feel in that
moment. I know because I've heard Dan Savage talk a
lot about the importance of of exploring and being honest about monogamy
and its constraints in relationships
and and like I said to him you know you get it when you're thinking about it from
an intellectual level and then when when the conversation became like what would happen in
your relationship should one of you
cheat like it just becomes that much more raw to experience
that conversation when you're actually thinking about it in those terms of if there is a
betrayal or a violation. You know that we have to
encounter you guys even got on that topic. Only because you asked
him Do you have anything you know that you want to ask me Is there anything that you want to know about me why
would you do that that's that's like my greatest fear is like being interviewed it's kind of terrifying.
It's something I ask people a lot now at the end of interviews that was the first time I had asked
it and thinking
back. It makes a lot of sense that it was to ask Dan Savage that because his job
is to you know give advice to people so he's always quickly assessing the
dynamics of you know what's going on in the person's life that he's engaging with so and
also he has his things that he are his core messages so
he is in some ways you know we're first on some things so and I knew
that asking him that would sort of throw it off through up through all of our conversation and it
would get to an interesting moment and it really did.
And of course Dan Savage is going to ask me one question it's like what's the deal in your
bedroom but. I
didn't somehow. And so but I I just
people got we got so many e-mails after that moment on the show because
to think
about whether cheating in a relationship is taking a bullet for your partner being willing
to love your partner through that betrayal is a good way to think of it or not people
have you know varying opinions but it. I think just to hear someone
openly acknowledge
that people get cheated on and people cheat was refreshing or
you think refreshing because when you're cheated on or when you're cheating.
It's completely isolating because there's so much
shame and we did a episode last
year that was around that we just asked people to tell us their cheating story who are and that
was it was like you know you just sort of opened the can and
people wanted to needed to share because think about it if
your partner of multiple years who everyone knows you as a couple and
and then you find out that that he or she is having a you know tawdry
affair on the side. It's humiliating Yeah I'm going to tell talk about that. But there's
so much you have to process and that you feel alone and I
think that's what I that's what I really like about pod cast is like
in particular what I was trying to do with that sex and money is that it can be a place where you can like
let
yourself access those emotions and you don't have you know it's such an intimate setting
that it gives you a little bit of space that wasn't there before to to maybe process some
of that stuff.
Sarge had to raise my eyebrows
but that was. I guess this is why you're able to say all this is why you host.
So
the resistor next clip. It's either a death clip effects clip or money clip or this.
Service for a pod cast called first time last time so it's created by this guy band and
air and it's all about people talking about the first time that they did something and the last time that they
did the same
thing in this episode an author named Joe lawyer is talking about a big decision
that he made moving from life as a petty criminal act to something much
much
grander I was committed to the idea that I was a new man and
new life. Fuck I'm going to go rob a bank.
So I drive up to United States and I go to downtown San Diego
and I start walking in Outer Banks and I walk to the first bank at ten o'clock in the morning.
I stand there and I grab my deposit slip and on the back of
it with a marker I write.
We have a bomb. I have a gun and the money now
and as I finish writing it I look up and I panic and I walk out.
Turns out for the rest of the day I walk in and out of bags and I'm leaving in various stages
of distress. I stand in line producer actor in the leave. I go to the front allied sir you're
next I'd leave. I was like how to walk to and I would get a hint that there was
a guard around theirs and then I'd
leave and so at four forty five o'clock.
I can't go. I don't do good today. I'm a lame I'll never rob a bank if
I want to be a bag over here it is and you got
to fucking shit or get out the pot and it's four forty five it's deadline
time so I walk in the spank. I got my shit all
know and I walk of this won't teller she say I don't serve so I'm fine and I want
to walk up to her put the note there and I slide it toward
her now she looks down. I mean I'm not an asshole you gotta have a little time to read or
write she read. And I realize oh you know
she she probably got second one word and you know she's really taking the time to read this.
Now she could read it twice. Hey we know she is fucking a machine I lived in overhead.
So I like. And I lean forward I'm fucking around and I can like move the notes
light around a little bit late and pay attention look up and then she pulls a note and pulls it towards
her and I'm like fuck do you mean my
no back my side back she pulled back you know we're doing a tug of war with the fucking no one is you still refuse to look
up and she just she lifts her head of looks to me and starts handing me
money and assuming the door bomb
I start
running when I was that age I was thin
and lean as fast as fuck broke school records and track. So I hit the
streets
running faster sparks and I look bad there I mean chase down people in
the Bangor Jays meet like they're after me and I'm just making sure you know I'm just making space
between us I get over to a cab a couple blocks away I jump
in a small excited
fucking forty three hundred bucks for nothing. Basically the work itself less than ten minutes.
Rob me of stealing cars like Bones Charlie I know I'm
going to be. I'm not going to be petty I'm now going to be a bank robber.
Can you guess the kind of thought that
was I think
the money when I think you're right and my favorite is if I don't do this today I'm never going to be
a bank
robber
go time exactly like me are nothing it's all or
nothing but actually speaking of money. It's like the money that you specifically talk
about on your show so I think that
like death and sex are topics that people regularly know how to like engage with up to
a certain point and kind to think and there are also topics that I think that people
find more on avoidable. I find the money conversations actually on your
show to be the most surprising. Why
do you think it is that people are so weird about money are so hell.
The tent to talk about it I guess like in in plain life or say yeah in life in
general it's like
people talk about sex with their partners they'll talk about death with their family members or with their
children but people will not talk about money with
anyone sometimes.
Yeah I think it starts with We don't really know how because there's not a common language.
You know about sex if you share a peer group with people you know you kind of can assume that you
know there's certain values that you share the like things like you know consensual sex is
important you know desire
is is something that both women and men have you know but around money it's
like we talk about it so little that we don't have any like there's no
prompts really and I think it's from a few things like first like
you never know where you stand with the person you're talking with.
You could have much more money and be much more comfortable in the world as a result and
not have that existential dread that you're not safe in the world
that can happen when you don't feel like you have enough
money you might have shame about having money so I think that
that that's like the baseline and then I just. I think it's so interesting
and to have a conversation where you're
like acknowledging that there. There's something deeper about those choices
than just like trying to follow you know Susie or men's. Perhaps
finance advice you know. I think is interesting because there is there's a lot
of decisions we
make about what we think about how our life is going to go. Yeah you can get to when you ask
about money.
Yeah. Money's emotional that's something I'm finding the older that I get is that like money is
extremely emotional. And it's like emotional and
it's also like it's also so black and white and cut
and dry it's like there is this amount of money in my checking account right
now but I have so many feelings about it. The way I feel about it today is different
than I felt last night in the middle of the night when I was worrying about X. or Y. You know I find that kind
of interesting.
I'm glad you asked about it and gradually enjoyed our money clip yeah it's good really
good so we're going to actually take a quick break right now but
first to recap. Chris so far. Dan Savage on cheating came from and
his own show death sex and money and the bank robbery from the podcast first time
last night. Coming up. We've already covered money. Let's talk
about sex and yes you like to
be fast staff to the bank for the sex as a physicist.
This week's episode is brought to you by Squarespace the easiest way to create a beautiful
website portfolio or online
store and square things believes in making it easy for people to commit to something they're
really passionate about like say my friend. Well Russia volume. Which sounds
like it's not even a real person name but it
is a Ronde is actually for his entire working life always been a
lawyer he actually graduated from undergrad early at age nineteen started law school and that was
it until well Ronsard get this it should say around late last year where
he realized that law did not make him happy photography did. So one
week ago Iraq decided to finally do photography full time he built a beautiful
website using square space to mark the start of his new career path.
It's sheer volume a creative dot com So whether you're ready to quit your day job and commit to
your lifelong passion or you just want a beautiful website for a hobby. Try
Squarespace when you decide to sign up for Squarespace make sure to use the offer code sampler to get
ten percent off your first purchase and to show your support for our
show Squarespace build a beautiful this episode a sampler is
brought to you by SA Prague. Luckily and soccer has just come out with three brand new red. Piece
for guacamole. They're called veggie fusion. Their southwestern
garden vegetable and mangled why fusions are made with the same perfectly right. Hostile
because as a regular shopper got home
only but they have less fat and are packed with other fresh crisp
legible blue Garcia is in charge of developing new recipes and opera and she knows
from personal experience that fingering was welcome only something people accept over something
I obsess over has to be handled with care.
I go through there myself I walk a mile if you're a dick. You can imagine right I'm Mexican and
I grew all being under very welcome
always tell me about the specific moment when you knew that you
had the perfect recipe for these veggie fusion or a
family that they have that feeling is that the two cops function very good in your hands
because they did we look at each other like we were talking with that. And that dirty smile and there
was like yes yes
like falling in love at first sight. It was just a really happened I don't think with
people because I didn't like what the Malaysian
public looked for Sabra veggie fusions in the deli fresh section of your
grocery store or wherever you go to look for
love Sabra welcome Ali simple fresh ingredients to bring people together.
So obviously if you have made it to this halfway point in the
show then you are some type of fan of sampler so I would like to make a
humble request that you go on i Tunes and you rate and review the
show your ratings don't just help to serve the ego examplar team.
They also help other people find the show so that we can get sampler out to masses. So please help
us out we really appreciate it again go to i Tunes and rate. The review sampler.
Welcome back to sampler my guest today is Anna Sale host of W. and my seas pod cast
death sex and money and in. Our And our clubs
today all follow the theme
of her show. So we've already gotten the money out of the way we've done the
hard thing. So into this next clip is actually from
something that you've recommended. So we asked you to send us back your steps
so that you
liked which we usually Africa for to kind of like figure out what they're listening to know what it is that
they're into and helps us inform what clips we think might be good for you to hear.
So you brought us an episode from Fresh Air with Terry Gross which is an N.P.R.
interview show and also a pod
cast this interview is with Tim Gunn who is best known for his role as a
mentor on Project Runway. What was it about this interview that you enjoyed so
much I can remember exactly where I was listening to it I was on the subway the
way it started was very charming like Terry who doesn't
make interviews about her they started by exchanging information about what
they were each wearing because they were in the same the audio just
like you know her first question what are you wearing and he was wearing something very you
know classic and put together and then she described
her outfit and they talked about pleather versus the in leather I just was very
I just really liked it I liked that it was
like it was a surprising open end and
then very quickly it became a conversation
about who Tim Gunn was before he was Tim Gunn on television
including his his really severe depression when he
was a teenager.
And then it became a conversation about how he how he
felt like he got well and he talked really lovingly about his macho
dad his dad who was a
speechwriter for J. Edgar Hoover like just the so much interesting
stuff packed in but it was all about basically ten done learning
how he wasn't alone in the world.
We. Have chosen a clip from that episode is Terry Gross ask Tim
Gunn about how he attempted suicide nature which he had talked about in
a get better You Tube video. So he starts off by explaining
to Terry what tipped him over the edge.
I had been dropped off at yet another boarding
school by my parents and it was that first night I had taken.
I don't even know how
many prescription medications out of my
parents' medicine chest and I didn't even know what they were I mean I knew there were prescription but
I didn't know what they were and I took all of them probably easily one hundred
pills
and I was so resigned to just going to sleep
and not waking
up and that next morning I did wake up and I
was completely disoriented the room was spinning. I couldn't believe I was
still alive
and my disorientation didn't get
better so I went to the school administrators and told them what I had done and then of course they brought by brought on
a doctor and despite the fact that I was still they are they took my blood pump
my stomach there was still stuff in it. Anyway it's a long winded way of saying yes there
was a catalyst it was
that I was being dropped off at another school had no reason to believe that that experience was going to be any
better than anything else that I had gone through and I thought I don't like this life this
is this is really
rotten and I want to just stop it.
So my father took me to the hospital and what
I didn't expect was that I'd spend the next two and a half years
there were in the hospital. Yes I have and I
don't know that I've said that to anyone. Well I mean more precisely two years and four months.
So I had a very major intervention there and couldn't run
away or I would have. Was that considered like rehab.
Was on a rehab I don't even know what it was it was a psychiatric hospital
for adolescents. Was it the right thing to do you think to yes.
It saved my life and the doctor I had
there and he was actually my third doctor because I was a very
difficult patients and doctors would I want to give up on
me but they'd pass after about three months and Dr Phillip Goldblatt
God bless him wouldn't let go I saw him five days a week
for almost two years. What made doctors
give up on you before that do you think. They would they would lose patience.
I mean I will say this about myself I'm
smart and I'm canny I think things out
quickly and I knew how to manipulate a maneuver
around them and I knew how to simply be intractable and
difficult and for Dr Goldblatt I mean our first couple months together.
He was with me. Almost all day every day and it was a matter
of guess what
you can't escape me and if you want to keep playing these games.
I'm here to say OK play them I'm just I'm going to watch it all happen but I'm not leaving.
And I didn't believe him and I tried to push all those buttons so that he
would reject me and he wouldn't stand for it and I love that man.
If that's cheer up when I think about him and what he did for me. Do you think about him when you're mentoring people.
I
do you mention that you like this interview because it was learning about
this public figure because the journey. He went on to feel like he wasn't alone in the world as he put
it and he had talked about the suicide story
before but that particular detail the hospitalization. He
had mentioned before he talked to Terry Gross and I. I find that when I listen to your show that people
have the same. The same sorts of reactions like the same sorts
of you know like I didn't know that I was going to say this or I don't know if I talk about this or people get choked up
or people pause or what do you think it is like what do you think happens in the
guest's mind or what do you think is happening with Augusta motion and it gets to
get that gets them to the point where they share something that they
genuinely haven't
before said that clip that you just played with Harry how she asked the
question after learning that it was more than two years and. In a mental hospital she said do you think that
was the right thing to do like it was such a gentle way to say
how do you feel about that time do you feel like you were you know locked up.
Do you feel like you needed it and you feel resentful do you feel.
Glad and it. It's that kind of question that then he gets to say
here's how I feel about my life and you can tell she's really listening
and so I think that there's something around.
There's just something that happens when you feel like you're being really listened to and when someone really wants
to not only sort of understand exactly what you're saying but
like understand the details of that moment like well. Where were you
living how old were you what was going on and so then they start. They kind of go back to
that to that moment they start nearing it in a way that that brings in more details than
maybe what if they told the same story at a dinner party.
But I think it begins and ends with that feeling of surprise
that someone is actually listening carefully to
you off on your show people tell you these really surprising stories even
like even when it seems like you've probably done some pretty interviewing obviously to find out certain details to know
kind of what to move
toward still you actually get in the conversation and they say something about obviously
surprises them if they've told you but also sometimes you seem surprised. What's the
most surprising thing. Not necessarily show. But what's the most
surprising thing that Augustus told
you one of the thing the mediately comes to mind because it's one of
my favorite moments on the show because I did not know
I didn't know this is where we were going but I was talking to
Dominic Foxworth who is with all the former yes I'm all former N.F.L.
player now a graduate of Harvard Business School I was asking about the dynamic
on campus when
you're eighteen thousand French men you're you're already kind of a star on campus
when you show up right out of high school because you're a college football player at a at a big
college football
school. And I asked him what it was like with
women thinking it would be like yeah you know here's a story you know because you
you sort of you know you kind of know what that experience but I don't often hear narrated.
And he brought in this dimension to the conversation that I hadn't really thought about and he
was
like you know yeah I mean you know I treated women not as well as I would now as I'm
a little older but then he went on to describe the racial dynamic on campus at University
of Maryland where it's a majority white
school women who would necessarily be interested in you as kind of a long
term relationship type of person that I well this big kind of like mending go
strong black man let's experiment with that and see what this is all
about what I'm really aware that at the time or looking
back I think
I was aware of it at the time or I kind of I think I used it
to justify some of the things
that that I would do you know so I wasn't like
be the best boyfriend or the best everything at the time
and I think I would use things like that like well they're just after me because they just want
to be a close.
To the football guy or they just think that I'm in great shape and I'm like this they're a typical
like over sex a black male and they want to give that. Try but they don't actually
want to take me seriously
so I mean whatever I don't care if like I am with her
and her friends don't read much about it you know so I think I was aware of it to
the extent that it gave me cover.
I remember that I was I remember I was on a flight to San Francisco in like
I think it was June of last year when I like went back and listened to that episode.
I remember where I was when he answered your
question. With interest. Oh my gosh I mean it's like because it's like of course that's a
dynamic that's happening but you don't I just had never heard
someone say it out loud and maybe that's because I'm a white person and you
know black men aren't often talk to me
about their love life but but I think that that just
like it made it just me like you know it's easy to say
like oh these you know athletes and rock stars and whomever are you know treating all
these women like garbage because they can but to see
how the other side of that and the emotional dimension of feeling like you yourself
are being used for whatever reason because you're star power because you're you
know you know in shape black men in college girls
are just trying to be with you and I just thought it was like this
really complicated. Dynamic and it was it was a it was
an answer that I wasn't expecting and I just loved love that moment.
Obviously I'm black or in this I date black men and that answer surprised me I
had never heard anybody like it something that I knew but it's not anything that I ever
heard anybody put into words and then share and I guess went on with called mixed company.
So I was yeah you know.
I was not I did not see that what I know I mean for me it's made watching college sports so much
more interesting. You know what is happening all of your life. You know if I get out
of jail and being a sideline reporter like the questions I would ask.
So yes so we've had our money clip.
We've had our death clip and so
now we've arrived and waiting for even waiting around or is there a crowd
pleaser the sex clip. So this
crew comes to us from actually a sister show of yours another W. and I see pod
cast called. Only Human. OK which is hosted by Mary Harris and in this episode
she interviews. Max Rich who is twenty four year old writer from New York and when
he was a teenager he was diagnosed with a rare and aggressive
cancer. He had to get chemotherapy but before he could start treatment he had to take
some
precautions cancer makes you sterile right as comfortable as my
cancer chemo. You know makes you sterile sorry. It's all one in the same
as just one of one of the tails and one of the heads. So we decided to
set some of my sperm aside. So my wife can now. Realistically talk about babies with me was
a good
decision but the harvest station of the sperm was very
fraught because you know I'm sitting there in the hospital room.
And my mom calls the sperm bank for me she gets all the
equipment gives me a tube and she looks at me and she says you got to do
this and then like I guess call me when you're done. I'll be waiting outside.
So she steps outside. What are you thinking at this. I'm thinking this is the fucking weirdest
thing that's ever happened to anyone.
I'm right now binding one of the most humiliating and strange
moments with my child's D.N.A. was like what eventually will be
calling me dad and like whenever I look in his kids' eyes. I'm going to be remembering like
the creaking sound of my hospital bed. You know that I'm making matching with the
beeping of my opium drip you know is a very weird.
Every teenage boy has some story about a time when usually it was their
own impulse to masturbate led them into a weird situation.
This was completely stunned upon me by the world and it was very very
strange so and then I end up producing.
And I go
mom and mom is waiting outside and I hear her you know she's Israeli and she has a bit of
an accent which I can't do properly but I think captures are stalled. So my mom walks
in takes my sperm and she sticks it into or a little like lipstick
pant pocket like this really hip little lipstick pocket she
has and she goes I was the first one to hold my grandchildren
before even their
mother. And look at that mother considering the sperm the whole
child.
So that you had in mind when we said we had a Thanksgiving. Now what
I love that I love that because I you know you
think he's going to be like talking about just how odd it is to just you know the
sperm but the process. That he goes the step the step further of thinking about that
when he looks in his child's eyes this is where it all began like
that
yeah I like that like even though it's really I mean has to be fashioning
credibly scary and tragic time as a
parent to see this person who you have raised to you've
created and who you know you assume and you
also really hope is going to outlive you by a lot right to see
them going through this really devastating time but to still like find all
of these ways to support and all of these ways to just
be funny and bring like levity to a situation. That's like only your family can
find a way to find a gentle somehow appropriate way to
humiliate you while you're like right before you start to kind of talk you know.
I love
that the sort of only human. I really love that.
And I have one last question for you is there anything that you would like
to know about me you half god I should
have seen this coming. Brittany.
OK I'm ask you a money question. Oh my God But it's I'm just curious so it
seems to my impression of your life at this moment you've had like
a major not only like did you make a major career shift you did it in a very public
way where like you
haven't you have an audience and feel kind of exposure maybe exposed as
you're like learning how to be the host of sampler and what sampler is absolutely. I
understand the dynamics Yes but what's it been like to.
As you think about. Let's see what some of the money angle I want to know about is
like you had a you had a more conventional career path before
you came together. Do you find yourself do you
feel more secure financially now.
Or did you feel more secure then and like how do you weigh that against
the like what it feels like now to have your creative work here. The
way you're making money.
I feel more financially secure
now because I mean to be honest I make more money now than I did at
my previous
job see radio pay but also
I have a lot more sponsibility The thing is though it's like the like the actual amount of
money is not something that I think is much about. I think a lot more
about. I guess like so much of
like so much of my livelihood before depended upon
an organization like there are so many other people who are responsible for the
product like the end product has very little to do with me. Had very little to do with me whereas
now the end product of everything that I make has a lot to do with me and
I feel. I feel a lot of pressure
now that I feel a lot of pressure to
consistently deliver on myself which is not something that I really had
a concept of before and not something that I ever set out to make my living
on and to constantly be figuring out the best.
For Jand of that that I can that I can give to people so it's weird because my money now
depends on.
Me in this way in this way that doesn't like not to say that I have a fantastic
team like I have so much support. Gimlet It's not that it's more so
like people interact with a what is essentially a product that
has my face and name on it and then let your voice.
Yeah mostly my voice exactly. But like that's weird which is actually in my voice which is scarier
like everything that I say like that's that's that still feels very ephemeral to me even though
I know it's not I work with people who have had long careers during exactly
this but like I had been doing other type of other types of work
consistently for what for me felt like a long time so to then like do something completely
different and that part feels actually scary and that part sometimes wakes me up in the middle the night.
But then you can just roll over and
remember that I just got her
hey I will say my sheets are nicer
now yes good investment.
Yes
God you how did you do that I just saw you ask me a question and then
I
just started like waxing for minutes about like how I feel about I always feel
emotionally about the amount of money I make and where my livelihood comes
from and there you go you're very very
strong
well and thank you so. Forgot me. Thank you.
So
today
you heard real talk from Dan Savage pails W. N.Y.C.
show Sex and
money and show lawyers first bank robbery first time last
time Tim Gunn opened up about his adolescence on FRESH AIR with Terry Gross from
W H Y Y and Max told us about harvesting
sperm only humans.
Stay tuned after the credits for a taste
of this episode was produced by
Rose Reid there after Aman and myself. It was edited
by Amy roast Rother and Peter Clowney our theme music was made by Mike of alien and
R. as music made by Mark
Phillips special thanks to Stevie LANE The show is mixed. By Matthew
bolt sampler as the production of media.
Thanks to our sponsor Brooke Walker
Mostly they just came out with some brand new recipes for guacamole. They're called veggie
fusions they're filled with fresh vegetables and they come in three flavors southwestern
garden vegetable and mango lime you can find them in the deli fresh section of the grocery
store Sabra simple fresh ingredients that bring people together.
Thanks to our sponsor Squarespace the easiest way to create a beautiful website portfolio
or online store Squarespace features easy to use templates and twenty four seventh's
support when you decide to sign up for scripts based Make sure to use the offer code sampler
to get ten percent off your first
purchase and to show your support for our show Squarespace build it beautiful.
Next week on sampler I will face she
reaches inside the
sneaker all mine. She finds a
note.